Moving to serve for the need for kingdom preachers is greater can be intimidating.
Before moving, we cannot know all the details of what our life will be like.
However, the Bible can give us the wisdom to successfully meet any challenges we face
after moving.
We must put faith in it.
Faith can motivate us to seize opportunities to serve Jehovah.
Please locate Hebrews 11 to 8 through 10.
Abrams willing us to leave what was comfortable and familiar and move to a new land when he
was in his 70s was a powerful demonstration of faith.
Let's read Hebrews 11 to 8 through 10.
By faith Abraham, when he was called, obeyed by going out to a place he was to receive
as an inheritance.
He went out, although not knowing where he was going.
By faith he lived as a foreigner in the land of the promise as in a foreign land, living
intense with Isaac and Jacob, the heir with him of the very same promise.
For he was awaiting the city having real foundations whose designer and builder is God.
He didn't even know where he was being assigned.
But he went, based on his faith, he knew that the real life was not back home.
It was not in his new assignment.
He looked for the fulfillment of future promises.
Did Abraham and Sarah face any difficulties along the way?
Yes, they did.
Unexpected circumstances were thrust upon them, but did Jehovah see them through?
And Genesis 20 verses 3 through 7.
To protect his life Abraham called Sarah his sister.
So the king of year or felt he could take her as his wife.
This was a difficult time for Abraham and Sarah.
Did Jehovah work things out?
Let's read Genesis 20 verses 3 through 7.
God came by night to Abimalak in a dream and said to him,
here you are as good as dead because of the woman whom you have taken since she is married
and belongs to another man.
However, Abimalak had not gone near her.
So he said, Jehovah, will you kill a nation that is really innocent?
Did he not say to me, she is my sister?
And did she not say he is my brother?
I did this with an honest heart and innocent hands.
Then the true God said to him in the dream,
I know that you did this with an honest heart.
So I held you back from sinning against me.
That is why I did not allow you to touch her.
Now return the man's wife for he is a prophet.
And he will make supplication for you and you will keep living.
But if you are not returning her,
know that you will surely die, you and all who are yours.
Jehovah will be with us too if we act in faith to expand our ministry.
We will get through the surprises and enjoy the rewards of reaching out in this way.
Although we cannot know all the challenges that we may encounter,
we can take practical steps to choose a location and prepare to make adjustments.
Do you remember Jesus' words at Luke chapter 14, verse 28?
He indicated that a person who wanted to build a tower
would first calculate the expense to see if he had enough to complete it.
That was practical.
And we can do the same when contemplating, relocating to where the need is greater.
We can get a taste of the blessings we will experience
by participating in preaching campaigns organized by the branch office
are working seldom work territory.
Might you have the circumstances to move or the need is greater?
If you're interested in serving in another land,
do careful research and speak to your congregation elders.
They can forward your letter to the branch office of the country that interests you.
If you're unable to move to another land, what is another option?
You can, through your elders,
write to the local branch office for information about congregations that have a need.
Your circuit overseer can provide information about nearby congregations
that may need help.
In the following video, note how one brother
overcame his fear of serving where the need is greater.
If you told me two years ago that I'd be moving where the need was greater,
I would have laughed.
It all started when they announced a special preaching campaign.
My friend Samuel encouraged me to apply with him.
So, what do you think?
Yeah.
No, but you enjoy that.
I know you're going to love it.
That's why I got you a form as well, right?
We can do this.
OK.
I knew I could do more, but I was comfortable.
I like doing things on my own terms.
But really, I was afraid of the unknown.
I needed to examine my heart.
When I read about Abraham's faith at Hebrews 11, 8,
it's like the words jumped off the page.
He went out, although not knowing why he was going.
Who better to be in control of my life than Jehovah?
A door was open to me.
I just needed to go through it.
And what I experienced changed my life.
The results of the campaign were incredible.
And the experience pushed me out of my comfort zone.
Amen.
I'm going to trust you.
Thank you.
I saw the ministry in a new way, and I wanted to do more.
So, I calculated the cost and worked with my local elders
to write to the branch office.
When I heard back with some suggestions,
I prayed about it and did research before choosing.
There were many unknowns, but I couldn't wait.
It was hard to say goodbye to my friends,
but I was ready for whatever Jehovah had installed me.
Did you notice how faith was shown and what blessings resulted?
The young brother admitted he was in a comfort zone.
Another brother invited him to join in a special preaching campaign.
Our brother was hesitant to reach out.
However, he read about Abraham.
What did he conclude?
He said, who better to control my life than Jehovah?
He thoroughly enjoyed the experience of the special campaign.
It fired him up.
And the next thing we know, he is relocating to another congregation
that needed help.
Although you will need to make sacrifices and you may face unexpected challenges,
you will gain many blessings, drawing you ever closer to Jehovah.
There's no need to worry about the good things you may be denied temporarily.
Jehovah knows what you presently need and will supply it to you on time.
Luke 12-31 advises, keep seeking God's kingdom,
and all the things you need will be added to you.
As a single person or as a family,
consider if you can move to where the need is greater.
Brother Mark Numer, a helper to the teaching committee,
will now consider the next talk of this symposium.
Enter the door to activity and faith, a plan for the school for kingdom evangelizers.